Adjust the ASC quarterly agenda finalization (#11)
pmix/governance: pmix_governance.tex

Standard up for consideration during that meeting in the published
agenda.

ASC quarterly meeting agenda items must be submitted to the Co-Chairs

> at least one month in advance of the meeting. One month in advance of

Author: ```suggestion
at least four weeks in advance of the meeting. Four weeks in advance of

```

Author: Voted in the 2Q 2020 meeting with this modification in place.

> the meeting the Co-Chairs will announce the tentative agenda for review.

Reviewer: Just a minor comment - this puts a lot of strain on the chairs: technically someone could submit an item in the last second before the deadline and then the chairs are still expected to immediately have this on the agenda. I would suggest to leave a small gap between the submission and the agenda deadline

Author: Informally we give ourselves about a day to post the revised agenda after the deadline. But we could formalize that.

Reviewer 2: I'd advise keeping this flexible - the more rigid you try to make it, the more time you are going to waste trying to specify everything down to the tiniest detail (e.g., what time of day are you closing the agenda, what time zone, ...)

Reviewer: Flexibility is fine and we are handling this in MPI the same way (we never specified timezones and used common sense), but everyone also respected and if it came a day after, then it was not on the agenda. However, the text above is exactly not flexible - it says that the agenda will be posted at the same time the last elements can be submitted - my suggestion would be at least 4 weeks for submission of items, at least 3 weeks for publishing agenda and at least 2 weeks for final agenda - if chairs are good and publish it at the 4 week mark, that's great then

Author: Per conversation during the 3Q 2020 ASC meeting:
 * The sense of the group was to keep this flexible.
 * If there is need to make it more specific then someone could do that in another PR.

Standard up for consideration during that meeting in the published
agenda.

ASC quarterly meeting agenda items must be submitted to the Co-Chairs
at least one month in advance of the meeting. One month in advance of
the meeting the Co-Chairs will announce the tentative agenda for review.
Any proposal wishing to be considered for this meeting must be put forward

> (by assigning the proper label and notifying the Co-Chairs) before that time.

Reviewer 3: Does "by assigning the proper label" refer to labels on Github?

Author: Yes. I can clarify that.

Author: Actually, re-reading the paragraph it is a bit repetitive here. I don't know if that sentence is adding anything. The notion of adding labels to the PR is described elsewhere. I may just strike that sentence.

Author: pushed on a new commit.

all discussion over the proposal. When ready for review, the author(s)
shall add the ``Proposed'' tag to the PR, thereby requesting that the
matter be placed on the agenda of the next quarterly meeting (subject to

> the agenda finalization deadline). The \textit{Straw Poll} mechanism described

Reviewer: Is this really intended to be the "agenda finalization" deadline, which is two weeks before the meeting ("The agenda will be finalized two weeks before the quarterly meeting")? Shouldn't this be the deadline for submissions to the agenda? Same for the rest of the entries?

Author: I think agenda finalization is correct here. The community can ask for something to be added to the agenda between the post of the draft agenda at 4 weeks and the finalization at 2 weeks. That makes the 4 week deadline a soft deadline.

Reviewer 2: There's nothing wrong with allowing a little human judgement into the process...we don't have to be rigid as robots here.

Reviewer: That's fine, but I am just pointing out that it contradicts the text above then, where it says that agenda items must be submitted 4 weeks ahead of time. Knowing how things work, it will, however, mean that you (over time) will get all agenda items 14 days before the meeting and the draft agenda is pointless. We could just state a two week deadline for items and then let the chairs handle the rest with judgement (as we do in MPI).

Author: Per conversation during the 3Q 2020 ASC meeting:
 * The sense of the group was that we intended this to be the agenda finalization deadline to allow for missed items to be added between the 4 week and 2 week time periods.
